Lucy is your secretary
You bring the past he also said.
Forget it, no need.
Wei Ye, you must bring Yunyao with you tonight
You are coming to participate
I'm still recuperating abroad
What am I going to do?
Then you should take good care of yourself.
Don't worry about it, you won't agree.
The wings are really hard
I asked you to change your last name back, but you didn't listen.
Now take your wife with you
I divorced him a long time ago
So far away
How dare you make your own decisions about such a big thing?
Grandpa, that dinner party is about to start
I'll talk to you next time.
Grandpa
It's really comforting that you are still willing to call me grandpa.
It seems that you all know
So you really left
Well, the agreement has been signed
I'm sorry, grandpa.
I failed to maintain this marriage
I see.
It was you who saw that I saved you
You just agreed to get married
But I'm doing it for your own good.
Marry a wife
You're a good girl.
Listen that life will only be better with you by your side
But why can't you really go back?
Well, not really.
Pardon me?